[Music]
[Music] Psalm 19 to the chief musician a psalm
Psalm 19 to the chief musician a psalm
Psalm 19 to the chief musician a psalm of David the heavens declare the glory
of David the heavens declare the glory
of David the heavens declare the glory of God and the firmament shows his
of God and the firmament shows his
of God and the firmament shows his handiwork day on today utter speech and
handiwork day on today utter speech and
handiwork day on today utter speech and night unto night reveals knowledge there
night unto night reveals knowledge there
night unto night reveals knowledge there is no speech nor language where their
is no speech nor language where their
is no speech nor language where their voice is not heard their line has gone
voice is not heard their line has gone
voice is not heard their line has gone out through all the earth and their
out through all the earth and their
out through all the earth and their words to the end of the world in them he
words to the end of the world in them he
words to the end of the world in them he has set a tabernacle for the Sun which
has set a tabernacle for the Sun which
has set a tabernacle for the Sun which is like a bridegroom coming out of his
is like a bridegroom coming out of his
is like a bridegroom coming out of his chamber and rejoices like a strong man
chamber and rejoices like a strong man
chamber and rejoices like a strong man to run its race it's rising is from one
to run its race it's rising is from one
to run its race it's rising is from one end of heaven and it's circuit to the
end of heaven and it's circuit to the
end of heaven and it's circuit to the other end and there is nothing hidden
other end and there is nothing hidden
other end and there is nothing hidden from its heat the law of the Lord is
from its heat the law of the Lord is
from its heat the law of the Lord is perfect converting the soul the
perfect converting the soul the
perfect converting the soul the testimony of the Lord is sure making
testimony of the Lord is sure making
testimony of the Lord is sure making wise the simple the statutes of the Lord
wise the simple the statutes of the Lord
wise the simple the statutes of the Lord are right rejoicing the heart the
are right rejoicing the heart the
are right rejoicing the heart the commandment of the Lord is pure
commandment of the Lord is pure
commandment of the Lord is pure enlightening the eyes the fear of the
enlightening the eyes the fear of the
enlightening the eyes the fear of the Lord is clean enduring forever the
Lord is clean enduring forever the
Lord is clean enduring forever the judgments of the Lord are true and
judgments of the Lord are true and
judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether
righteous altogether
righteous altogether more to be desired are they than gold
more to be desired are they than gold
more to be desired are they than gold yay
yay
yay and much fine gold sweeter also than
and much fine gold sweeter also than
and much fine gold sweeter also than honey and the honeycomb moreover by them
honey and the honeycomb moreover by them
honey and the honeycomb moreover by them your servant is warned and in keeping
your servant is warned and in keeping
your servant is warned and in keeping them there is great reward who can
them there is great reward who can
them there is great reward who can understand his errors cleanse me from
understand his errors cleanse me from
understand his errors cleanse me from secret faults he back your servant also
secret faults he back your servant also
secret faults he back your servant also from presumptuous sins let them not have
from presumptuous sins let them not have
from presumptuous sins let them not have dominion over me then I shall be
dominion over me then I shall be
dominion over me then I shall be blameless and I shall be innocent of
blameless and I shall be innocent of
blameless and I shall be innocent of great transgression let the words of my
great transgression let the words of my
great transgression let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be
mouth and the meditation of my heart be
mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight O Lord my
acceptable in your sight O Lord my
acceptable in your sight O Lord my strength and my Redeemer
strength and my Redeemer
strength and my Redeemer [Music]